gh-61162: Clarify sqlite3 connection context manager docs (#93890)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

.. literalinclude:: ../includes/sqlite3/rowclass.py

.. _sqlite3-connection-context-manager:

Using the connection as a context manager
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A :class:`Connection` object can be used as a context manager that
automatically commits or rolls back open transactions when leaving the body of
the context manager.

> If the body of the :keyword:`with` statement finishes without exceptions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the body of the :keyword:`with` statement finishes without an uncaught exception,
```

*Maybe*?
